Feature/5 bug security legal policy (#6)
DuckDuckGroup/duckduckgroup.github.io: index.md

---
layout: default
---

> Hello & welcome to Scanly, a university project for module 206CDE. The project is an open-source chatbot, licensed under the [GNU Lesser General Public Licence](/licence). For the task, we have to use [botkit.ai](https://botkit.ai/) & as BSc Cybersecurity & Ethical Hacking students, we have decided to make a chatbox frontend for security tools. The main aims that we have for this project is to make security tools more easier to use for beginers, & hope that this chatbox can be utilised by SMB IT Departments, in order to improve their network security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello and welcome to Scanly, a university project for module 206CDE. The project is an open-source chatbot, licensed under the [GNU Lesser General Public Licence](/licence). For the task, we have to use [botkit.ai](https://botkit.ai/) and, as Cybersecurity & Ethical Hacking students, we have decided to make a chatbox frontend for security tools. The main aim that we have for this project is to make security tools easier to use for beginners, and we hope that this chatbox can be utilised by SMB IT Departments, in order to improve their network security.
```
May need to rename the license page to fix the spelling

Author: I believe I am right & you are looking at Americanised spelling? Can you verify? Source: http://english-grammar-lessons.co.uk/easily_confused/licence_license.htm

Reviewer: Huh, didn't know that. Yh, I tend to go with american spelling nowadays considering that everything else uses it like color in configs etc

Author: You mean I'm right about grammar for once 🤣. I can change if you think it will be better for web standardisation, or we can stick to the official British spellings?

Reviewer: Doesn't matter to me too much. Set the direction and I'll amend and merge the change

Author: We're in Britain, so will remain with British spelling - probably will look better as well on written academic reports.

Reviewer: Did you at least apply the grammar fixes if not the american spelling ones?

Author: But I like using &

Author: Going through now...

Reviewer: Ok, so I've edited the comment to have just the relevant fixes now

Author: Added changes (had to commit  separately due to keeping 'licence')

> We only started the project W/c Monday 2nd October 2020 - so our in the 'live' development phase, and we hope to share more details with you in the near future, so watch this space!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We only started the project W/c Monday 2nd October 2020 - so are in the 'live' development phase and hope to share more details with you in the near future. Watch this space!
```

Author: How did I miss 'our'? :(

> We only started the project W/c Monday 2nd October 2020 - so our in the 'live' development phase, and we hope to share more details with you in the near future, so watch this space!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We only started the project W/c Monday 2nd October 2020 - so are in the 'live' development phase and hope to share more details with you in the near future. Watch this space!
```

## Legal Policy & Terms of Use
By using this software, you agree that you have permission from the network owners, or an appropriate authority, to run such assessment tools. 
Unauthorised use may not be compliant with local laws.

> Scanly by DuckDuckGroup is open-source and as such we are not responsible for any possible issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scanly by DuckDuckGroup is open-source and as such we are not responsible for any possible issues. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
```

> We accept NO responsibility for any legal consequences you may face.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We accept NO responsibility for any legal consequences you may face. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
```

We forbid any use of this software for malicious purposes.

## Found a Bug?
If you have found a bug please either send us an email using our [contact form](/contact/) or [create an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/DuckDuckGroup/Scanly/issues). All bug finders will be acknowledged on our acknowledgement page!

## Report Security Issue

> As Scanly is an open-source project, you are more than welcome to inspect the code for security issues. As well as this, you are able to run any security test against your **own downloaded local copy** of Scanly. **Note** this does not give you permission in anyway to attack the Scanly website, or abuse the demo robot on the site. If you do, you may not only face legal consequences from our group but from our hosting providor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Scanly is an open-source project, you are more than welcome to inspect the code for security issues. As well as this, you are able to run any security test against your **own downloaded local copy** of Scanly. **Note** this does not give you permission in any way to attack the Scanly website, or abuse the demo robot on the site. If you do, you may face legal consequences from us and our infrastructure providers.
```
